hey guys w work in tech and I'm making a
video continue this in my series on how
to make money on the internet but this
time it is an application for your
smartphone this app works with Android
phones iphone and the blackberries there
may be windows phones and it might
extend onto the computer later on but as
of right now it's those three phones and
uh what you have to do is just click the
link below I'll have it in the
description and they'll bring you to
this page you want to click sign up so
just click right there sign up and it
takes you to create an account you type
in an email and a password agree to the
terms and you are done it'll ask you to
download an application on your phone or
you can just go to the App Store the
market the blackberry app world whatever
the case might be for your phone and
just um download it so I'm just going to
take you over to my iphone real quick
and show you the steps from there hey
guys so here we are in the application
and normally when you sign up it's going
to ask you to sign in on this after you
did on the computer just use your email
your password you're signed in and
that's going to ask you for your to be
able to use your location and there are
three ways to earn on the iPhone and I
believe those on two ways to earn on the
blackberries and androids you the first
way on all three is you can check in a
place is it similar to like facebook
check in all you do is you say you go to
any restaurant even like pretty much all
restaurants have this now the difference
is verified ones which are like chain
restaurants like Dunkin Donuts walmart
subway Burger King they're verified and
they're fifty cents which is five times
the amount that a normal restaurant
would be like a local bakery or
something those would be ten cents so
regardless what you do is you end up if
you click here it says take a photo of
yourself with your food or beverage at
one of your full are four restaurants or
one of
Russian sorry about that so you take a
picture yourself at the restaurant 10 I
tend to take a picture of the wall go
outside but it still works although I'm
not in it and then so you click claim
reward and then you share it with your
Twitter whatever but again you don't
have to sync it with a Twitter account
and it still gets approved so those just
the though that's the first way to earn
on all phones the second is products and
here you can pretty much say you bought
dominos pizza and you take a picture of
the pizza and the receipt that you got
you get out of two dollars and fifty
cents just for doing that so there's a
little products like mba fans if you
have an NBA jersey you're supposed to
just take a picture of yourself in the
NBA jersey like if i click that says
take a picture of yourself wearing the
jersey of your favorite NBA team so you
just click claim reward you get a dollar
like boom boom i'm already up to if we
go to rewards i'm up to 2,000 45 cents
and i have another $53 pending so i'm
going to have five dollars in less than
a week and you end up checking out by
paypal so you just go to paypal and you
set up an account if you don't have it
it sends it right to paypal and you can
worry wirelessly transfer that to your
bank or you can just use that credit to
pay for things online many places take
paypal and the final way that you can
earn is test which right now is only the
iphone and it's a way to download you
can download applications and get paid
for them now I think I've download
there's only a certain amount that are
free one of which would be like the
texas hold'em game that i downloaded
gave me 15 cents just for downloading it
and the app was free so that's pretty
cool and even like the one at the top
like this app the mega reader for free
books or whatever the app costs a dollar
ninety-nine but you get two dollars and
four cents you're really not paying for
it but you know that is what it is I
haven't done it yet because I don't want
the app and I don't feel like actually
paying I just want to make money so that
is something up to you if you already
have the app that
and you know I don't know this is
scenarios that that may be re-downloaded
after that because you already have it
and you should get the two dollars so
yeah hopefully you guys like this video
this app is so far flawless for me I
love it um and it gives you something to
do like if you want it with your friend
and you're like all works where should
we go well maybe the subway on the
corner you get fifty cents you go let's
just go to subway both can check in we
both get a fifty cents we get our subway
points and it's even that much cheaper
so yeah hopefully you like this video
please give me a thumbs up so more
people can learn about this and also
subscribe to me on youtube those two
things really help me out and if you
want to win a five-hundred-dollar apple
gift card what you have to do is just
i'll have a link towards that video
because i'm giving one away right now as
of August 2011 and all you have to do is
subscribe to me on youtube follow me on
twitter and like me on facebook so i'll
have all those links below and yeah so
hopefully you liked this video and
thanks for watching guys